doc: introduce icon policy documentation (#70)
bitcoin-core/gui-qml: src/qml/doc/icon-policy.md

# Icon policy
This document provides guidelines for contributing icons to Bitcoin Core.

## Preparing Icons
Both an icon source file, in Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) format,
and an optimized production file, in Portable Network Graphics (PNG) format,
are required for each icon.

#### SVG Source File
SVGs are used as source files because they can scale while retaining image quality.

> They are not used in production due to limited application support.

Reviewer: The phrase “limited application support.” sounds a little confusing and might be misleading. For example, one might think, which application are we talking about here? Is it “bitcoin core” or some other application that works on PNG, SVG, and other formats of images.

I think a better framing of this sentence would be:
“They are not used in production because they are not widely supported (compared to PNGs).”

In this framing, the reader will clearly understand that we are talking about format support in general.

> They are not used in production due to limited application support.

Author: This line is just a quick explanation as to why we are not using SVG files as our production files. The reason for this is because of limited application support; this could refer to x, y, or z reason. 

In reality, we are/will be using SVG as production files because that is what designers have recommended. Getting into the particularities here, or what the reality of support for SVG files really is across all applications doesn't matter.

@shaavan: Changing from "limited application support" to "not widely supported" doesn't remove the inherent reference to 'outside' projects

I think the line is fine as is

> They are not used in production due to limited application support.

Reviewer: > Changing from "limited application support" to "not widely supported" doesn't remove the inherent reference to 'outside' projects

I can see what you are talking about. I guess the phrase "limited application support" is not as confusing as I first perceived it to be :)

If different-sized production (PNG) icons are required,
they can be generated from the associated SVG source file in any vector-based tool.

#### PNG Production File
PNGs are used in production due to wide application support, transparency support,
and better image quality compared to competing file types such as JPEG.

#### Optimizing Production Files (PNG)
Production (PNG) files must be processed by the [optimize-png.py](https://github.com/bitcoin-core/bitcoin-maintainer-tools/blob/master/optimise-pngs.py) script before their inclusion in Bitcoin Core.

> PNG optimization removes various unnecessary color profiles, ancillary (alla),

Reviewer 2: > ... ancillary (alla), ...

I cannot translate it into my native language ((

Author: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ancillary_data

Author: i've changed the text here from "ancillary (alla)" to "ancillary data"

> and text chunks, resulting in a lossless reduction of the file's size.

Reviewer 2: > ... the file's size

Is this correct from the English Grammar POV?

Author: maybe this is clearer?:

```suggestion
and text chunks, resulting in a lossless file size reduction.
```

## Contributing

> Bitcoin Core primarily uses icons from the [Bitcoin Icon set](https://github.com/BitcoinDesign/Bitcoin-Icons),

Reviewer 2: In the current state of this repo no icons are from the Bitcoin Icon set, right? Maybe clarify that _new_ added icons should be chosen from that set?

Author: We will be using those Icons. Although there are none yet, they will be added as needed. We know that we will primarily use these icons. I don't see the need to state, as of right now, that "new" icons will be chosen from the set.

an open source icon set made for Bitcoin applications.
If a proposed feature requires an icon to be designed,
an issue should be opened in the [Bitcoin Icons repo](https://github.com/BitcoinDesign/Bitcoin-Icons/issues)
with the request.

Icons are not to be added to Bitcoin Core prior to a production use case.
If an icon is not being used, it should be removed.

SVGs are to be included under the `src/qml/res/src` directory.
Optimized PNGs are to be included under the `src/qml/res/icons` directory.

## Attribution
Icon additions must include appropriate attribution to the author, license information, and any comments relevant to the icon documented under the

> [contrib/debian/copyright](https://github.com/bitcoin-core/gui-qml/blob/main/contrib/debian/copyright) file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[contrib/debian/copyright](../../../contrib/debian/copyright) file.
```

Author: thanks, updated
